Update Pages changelog (#10561)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2023-08-23

* Commit messages can now be up to 384 characters before being trimmed

## 2023-08-01

* Support newer TLDs such as `.party` and `.music`

## 20223-07-11

* V2 build system is now default for all new projects

## 2023-07-10

* Sped up project creation

## 2023-05-19

* Builds which fail due to Out Of Memory (OOM) will return a proper error message indicating so rather than "Internal error"

## 2023-05-17

* The V2 build system is now available in open beta, you can enable within the [Build & deployments settings](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/pages/view/:pages-project/settings/builds-deployments)

## 2023-05-16

* [Smart placement](/workers/configuration/smart-placement/) can now be enabled for Pages within the [Functions settings](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/pages/view/:pages-project/settings/functions)

## 2023-03-23

> * Files uploaded are now visible for Git projects, you can view them [here](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/pages/view/:pages-project/:pages-deployment/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Files uploaded are now visible for Git projects, you can view them in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/pages/view/:pages-project/:pages-deployment/files).
```

## 2023-03-20

> * Notifications for Pages events are now available in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/notifications)
>   * Events supported:
>   * Deployment started
>   * Deployment succeeded
>   * Deployment failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Notifications for Pages events are now available in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/notifications). Events supported include:
  * Deployment started.
  * Deployment succeeded.
  * Deployment failed.
```
